feat(mnq) : update for SNS GA (#3370)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/messaging-and-queuing.mdx

See our [migration documentation](/serverless/messaging/reference-content/migration) for full instructions and details.

## How is Messaging and Queuing billed?

Billing for NATS and SQS is based on:

- For NATS: [Stream volume](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#stream-volume) (the total sum of each message's size going through the stream) and [stream persistence](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#stream-persistence) (the total amount of data stored * duration)
- For SQS: [Queue volume](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#queue-volume) (the total sum of each message's size going through the queue)

> - For SNS : [Topic Volume](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#queue-volume)(the total sum of each message'size going out from the topic to the subscriptions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For SNS : [Topic Volume](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#queue-volume)(the total sum of each message's size going out from the topic to the subscriptions)
```
